BOOTCAMP: 2014-02-22-SFU  Python room
DAY: 1
COMMENTS: PRE-LUNCH

The pace was ok.

The interactive metaphor was useful.

Very interesting tools, but I struggled a bit since I had never used them before.

Great pace, made me comfortable with the command line.

Straight-forward, useful info.

Good awareness of complex topics. Easy to follow.

Going along step-by-step on overhead.

I liked the pace.

Good intro to Git. Easy to get started with Git right away.

Great intro to Git. Knowing about version control is helpful.

Very helpful and thorough.

Very good pace.

Lots of information given.

Very accessible pace, friendly instructors.

Great flow of information. Basics are covered which is the most important.

Good intro to Git.

--The good-- everything else.

Intro to Git was nice and clear.

I liked your willingness to change topics based on the room (i.e., quick branch expaining); also MoPad is great; intro video was great; having challenges.

I really liked the snapshot example for version control.

Loved ... the Git session and the sense of getting comfortable with the shell.

It would have been handy to have the list of command line prompts we went through.

--The bad-- It is a bit hard to hear Lynne at the back of the room

Pace is a little fast for a fresh beginner like me.

Pace was a bit quick at times (esp the git diff stuff -- I got a bit confused).

Shell intro was slow.

Went a little slow in some places and a little too fast in others.

Negative - organization - emails beforehand explaining requirements,

Not entirely sure of possible uses, although, I am sure we will go over that.

Commented code available before would be helpful.

When something goes wrong, people can get lost/fall behind while fixing it.

More coffee please!

Other than text based files.

Maybe post more stuff on the Pad yourself?

Sometimes heard to follow once new commands are given and the previous ones are off the screen. Maybe copy things to the etherpad.

Maybe have an "advanced experience" file for each module in care people are familiar with material

No major/minor complaints.

I'd like to learn more about shell commands, pipes, and grep

It was kind of hard to find this room (all the doors to K building were locked). Also img folder for shell challenge was missing from repo

More coffee please

Very practical and useful! I am convinced and going to use git and shell in my work.

Something to improve: Maybe could you talk about "best practices" to use the shell on an everyday basis? "I color configure mine", "Use tabs"

